you
just by the nature of fishing we're
always around water and water gets
around hooks it's going to make them
rust these boats like my ranger
completely waterproof compartments but
still you get the rainy days when you're
changing lures you're taking wet off the
hook putting them back in tackle boxes
big waves come over okay it's rain any
heavy rod boxes open sooner or later
you're going to get some water in your
tack boxes or in your compartments once
you get a tiny bit of rust on a hook
it's like a flu epidemic at an
elementary school it just spreads like
wildfire not only does the one hook get
rusted but then everything in contact
with it does the whole box get staining
you can see like this tackle box the
whole thing just turns orange it
destroys everything in the tackle box I
love my lucky crabs my mega bass my swim
baits all these high-dollar lures you're
paying fifteen twenty twenty-five
dollars Alabama rage' paying twenty-five
bucks 50 by the time you put all the
baits on it that's a lot of money to
destroy something I found stumbled
across on the internet that solve my
problems and you're going to love it
it's a simple few dollar solution
it's called rust blocker strips and
squares they're made by a company named
bullfrog and before you think this an
advertisement I am not sponsored by this
company have no affiliation to them I
just stumbled across them on the
internet and boy I could not be more
pleased I found it a tackle
warehouse.com great place by a lot of
laura's from do a great job I'm sure
some other retailers have them as well
but they make them in two sizes one of
these little strips you take an
individual strip put it inside of an
individual tackle box it stops the rust
completely now don't do it on an old
tackle box if you're going to do this
right get some new tackle boxes put one
strip in here it takes care of the whole
tackle box for a year if you already
have rust on your base it's going to
keep them from getting any more if
there's not any don't worry about it you
won't have to
now the big square shields that they
have these not only take care of one
tackle box this thing will do a whole
compartment I simply take tape and I'll
put them on the lid in my compartments
and that one shield there for a full
year it's going to rust proof the whole
compartment so you do a few different
ones here there are a few bucks each
it's going to rust proof your whole
compartment when you're looking at baits
that are five ten fifteen twenty five
maybe fifty dollars each for something
swimbaits
it pays for itself almost immediately
it's going to get rid of the hassle all
these old baits that you have that you
love you know what to worry about them
anymore if you once a year and you're
fully protected so check them out the
rust blocker shield made by bullfrog
tackle warehouse or any of your other
fishing retailers
check them out I think you're going to
enjoy it's going to save you a lot of
money and keep you on the water